Set full LD_LIBRARY_PATH to fix pre-260611 Engine images (#179) (#180)
deepgram/self-hosted-resources: charts/deepgram-self-hosted/README.md

6. GKE: Engine pods crash on startup with `libcuda.so.1: cannot open shared object file`:
   - GKE with Container-Optimized OS mounts the host NVIDIA driver at `/usr/local/nvidia` without the NVIDIA container toolkit, and [expects workloads to reference it via `LD_LIBRARY_PATH`](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/gpus#cuda). Engine images `release-260611` and newer no longer bake this path into the image.

>    - Chart version `0.40.3` and later set this automatically (`0.40.2` set an incomplete value that breaks Engine images older than `release-260611`; see the [chart CHANGELOG](./CHANGELOG.md)). On older chart versions, add it manually:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Chart version `0.41.1` and later set this automatically (`0.40.2` set an incomplete value that breaks Engine images older than `release-260611`; see the [chart CHANGELOG](./CHANGELOG.md)). On older chart versions, add it manually:
```
